suddenly this sort of glowing yellow
thing comes pulsating towards you it's
got a shock see your first jellyfish and
then you start seeing more and more and
more and suddenly you realize you're
totally surrounded by them
millions of them all different sizes all
sort of pulsating towards the sunlight
the golden glow is caused by the algae
they carry on their daily commute into
the Sun relying on algae to provide most
of their food
these unique jellyfish have little need
to sting so they have evolved into some
of the gentlest jellies in the world
it's incredibly karma actually it was
absolutely fantastic I've never
experienced anything like it